---
layout: post 
title: Week 14
---

30/04/2018 - During the morning I checked over peoples blogs to see their progress towards the group project and calculated each persons total time spent. After my break I looked at the QA docs again and as I had nothing to do Przemek recommended that I work on implementing the high scores. I spent an hour looking at the code until realising that parts of the other game needed to be included in order for the high scores code to be implemented. Before finishing for the day I edited JoggleCubes style. Time Spent: 10 hours 30 mins

01/05/2018 - During today I restructured how the game looked. I accidentally overwritten my work when merging the branch style with master, so it seemed as though I wasted my day but luckily Sean was able to recover it and we were able to merge it successfully. Time Spent: 7 hours

02/05/2018 - I finished off my task for making the layout more interesting. Then I spent the rest of the day working on the scroll pane for the LoadGameState and GameplayState. The LoadGameState now allows the player to scroll up and down to load a game and GameplayState has scroll panes for words used and grid high scores. Time Spent: 10 hours 30 mins 

03/05/2018 - Spent the day working on applying the QA coding standards to the game with Ben. I did a small amount of testing before and broke the game, this allowed my group to find bugs that should be fixed before the hand in the next day. Later on I wanted to add an extra feature where the scrollpane on the gameplay state displayed the score for each used word. Przemek helped me hide the grid highscores title until a saved game is opened. Time Spent 11 hours

04/05/2018 - For the last day of coding I waited until my group members finished fixing bugs and making changes to the games layout. Once that was complete myself and Ben worked on applying the QA standards to the code. Afterwards I had a meeting with the group to discuss what we had done and need to do later on to complete the group project. Later throughout the day I typed up the minutes and pushed them to the repo. Time Spent: 7 hours  

06/05/2018 - Worked on the first draft of my individual report today. Time Spent: 6 hours  