---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

20/03/2018 - I had a short group meeting, this was to update Daniel and Jordan on the progress on the group so far with the design specification. I then had a meeting with Wayne about a personal issue and afterwards he wanted to know the situation with the group. Time Spent: 1 hour 30 minutes 

22/03/2018 - I went to PJM lounge at 18:00 to do group work. The members that were able to attend were Przemek, Hui, Rob, Sean and Ben. The members that did not attend were Daniel (Project Leader) who couldn't come because he was getting ready to go on a trip the next day and Jordan (Deputy-Project Leader) who was busy cleaning his flat for an inspection the next day. As they were unable to attend we gathered in one of the rooms and reviewed the design specification, we made points on what needed to be changed and the progress that everyone was on. As well we had another discussion about the leadership role of the group as I couldn't be QA Manager and temporary Project Leader at the same time and our leaders were absent so we had to pick a temporary Deputy-Project Leader and Przemek was able to take the role as he was aware of the progress of the group and the design specification. After that we spent most of the evening working, Rob and Ben had to leave because they didn't have anything to eat and Sean went to get his work from another machine and work whilst there. I spent the next few hour working in PJM lounge carrying on with my progress on the sequence diagrams with Hui and Przemek. After a while I had completed the sequence diagrams and included them to version 1.2 of the design specification and uploaded it to our group repo on gitlab. Time Spent: 8 hours 
 
