---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

05/02/2018 - This is a personal blog page that can be located at cloudcoppola.github.io, I have used the resources forked from barryclark/jekyll-now. I'm using Jekyll to record my progress whilst working on the group project “JoggleCube” for the module CS22120 Software Engineering. “Jekyll is a static site generator which can be used for GitHub hosted blogs (Jekyll Repository).” Unfortunately I was unable to attend the first tutorial as I was travelling to Belgium for the FOSDEM event, I contacted my project manager beforehand to let him know of my situation. I also had a look at the minutes from the last tutorial, my task is to work with Daniel Holmes (dah51) on creating a rough software architecture for the game. I will contact him soon next week to arrange a meeting and come up with a rough design for the game.

07/02/2017 - I had an unofficial group meeting at the Pentre Jane Morgan lounge this afternoon. I was able to meet some of my group members for the first time and get an update on what myself and two other members missed from the last tutorial, we were told to look at the minutes. Myself and Daniel (dah51) worked on the start of the rough software architecture design for the JoggleCube game. Rob (raj24) and Przemek (prk3) were able to provide us with details on the how the game would be implemented and what to include in the design. After an hour of work I had plans to be elsewhere, but during the evening I researched more into UMLs and their relationships. Time Spent: 2 hours

09/02/2017 - Updates about the progress of the project were brought forward by each member of the group. Myself and Daniel (dah51) talked briefly about our rough software architecture to the group and the project manager Wayne Aubrey (waa2). The design wasn’t perfect and I was expecting to hear constructive feedback from each member of the group as well as the project manager. There are individuals with their own skills, but there was barely any communication or organisation within the group. Most of our work is split up between everyone without being stored on a shared location and there wasn’t enough time spent together. I recommended that we meet twice a week for unofficial meetings to know what we are all up to and start making progress on the project. We now meet Monday 14:00-15:00 and Wednesday 15:00-16:00 in G3a Llandinam. From the tutorial we now can work together on the UML to make it understandable. I'll spend time looking over the QA documents and revisiting the specifications for the JoggleCube game. Time Spent: 1 hour




