---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

12/03/2018

Meeting with the group in G3a Llandinum from 14:10-15:00 to discuss progress with the project and what tasks to focus on. Unfortunately Daniel (dah51) and Ben (beh35) were unable to attend the meeting due to other priorities. Przemek (prk3) was able to show and explain to us what he had done using JavaFX and displayed a cube that could be rotated. Hui (hyl5) talked us through what the layout of the documents would look like and the test specifications.

There was general discussion about the UML design and how it should be approached. We decided to have a rough design and every time something new is added we create a new draft. This is so we can show the progress of our design and how we made improvements from the last. 

I agreed to work on the user manual before the 23/02/2018. I will look at the resources provided by my group on how the game should work and follow the document layout, though I will be very busy as not only am I focusing on course work, I’ll also be going through a selection process for a part time job. I will ask my team for assistance if I am unable to finish the user manual.

Time Spent: 1 hour


15/02/2018

I went to PJM lounge to work with Przemek(prk3) on the software architecture. He drew the classes and relationships on a board to provide a visual representation of the program. 

After understanding their relationships I created the UML diagram using the IntelliJ tool and uploaded it to our shared Google folder. 

There was a brief discussion over the group chat about changing meeting days and having a meeting  where we work together for a period of time. 

Time Spent: 3 hours
 


