---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

12/03/2017 - I set up the draft for the design specification in the morning and started to add some content relating to the instructions from SE.QA.05 - Design Specification Standards. I had a meeting later during that day with the group in the Think Tank were I took the minutes for the meeting. The issues we went through during that meeting was the controls for the game, technical document, changing Wednesdays meeting to another day, checking blogs and aa code walk through. New business was given to each of the members. As I was taking the minutes they will be typed up and uploaded to the repo in the next 24 hours. Time Spent: 3 hours

13/03/2018 - Typed up and uploaded yesterdays minutes. Time Spent: 45 minutes 

14/03/2018 - Spent the evening reading over SE.QA.05 - Design Specification Standards and changing some of the content. Time Spent: 1 hour

15/03/2018 - We decided as a group to change the meeting day from Wednesday to Thursday in the Think Tank. Some of the members weren't present which didn't really help in knowing what they have done and it was stupid as we changed the day so they could be present. As I was taking the minutes we looked at the email from Chris Price to Przemek and getting it forwarded to the rest of the group, myself and Daniel to focus on the technical doc and sean was discussing with Przemek about which algorithm to use for performing a dictionary search. Later through the day I added put information for the introduction, I noticed as well that Daniel was working on decomposition description. Time Spent: 4 hours 

16/03/2018 - Typed up the minutes from yesterdays meeting. Tried to work on the design specification but I was unable to connect to Google drive. Hui pointed out to me that there was a template by Chris on blackboard, as I was unable to access Google drive I reinstalled intelliJ to my laptop to test JoggleCube, but there was something wrong with my configuration so I sorted that later in the day. We had our tutorial with Wayne, only four members of the group were present for the meeting and Wayne was not impressed. He got straight to the point with the running of the group and how it should improve its peformance, even though it may have looked like he was telling us off, he just wanted us aware about the situation and to pass it onto members who were not present. After that we looked at the progress for the design specification and delegated members to sections of the document to be worked on for next week. Time Spent: 4 hours 

17/03/2018 - Typed up the minutes from yesterdays meeting and I also updated my blogs for this week. Przemek messaged the group about what Wayne had said, Daniels response was that he could not help not being able to attend because of other commitments. Then there was a discussion about who should be the Project Leader in the next few weeks between Daniel, Przemek and myself, honestly I wouldn't mind being Project Leader as I am use to the leadership role but this situation wasn't helpful especially when we have a deadline coming up for the design specification, so I just said we should focus on the sections we were delegated and it should be completed soon. However, I may take up the role even though I have a lot on at the moment including my part time job, Robotics assignment and being the QA Manager already I know I would be able manage it with help from the group, its just getting members to complete their tasks and tick them off the list. After that I included the template to our Google docs and worked on that for a bit. Time Spent: 6 hours  

18/03/2018 - I spent the day working with Przemek, Hui, Ben, Sean and Rob on the design specification, Daniel and Jordan were not able to attend unfortunately. Before we started Przemek and Hui approached me about who should take the leadership role of the group and recommended that I was to take it on, I agreed but only as temporary Project Leader just so we can stay organized as there has to be leadership in the group so that we can get the design specification completed. I used gitlab to issue each group member tasks to complete for the design specification, I was assigned to work on the sequence diagrams and asked Przemek and Hui for their input as they had a better understanding for the parts they worked on, as well Hui worked on the sequence diagrams as she completed her other tasks beforehand. After working for the day I wanted to sum up what each member got up to during group work, so I went up to them individually and asked what they did and the tasks they are working on now. Time Spent: 6 hours

Ben 
- Updated some of the formatting for the design specification
- Worked on the interface description
- Finished working on details for the classes and will start working on the methods

Hui
- In charge of references and appendices, she will be updating towards the deadline
- Updated the introduction 
- Finished the decompomostion description
- Been helping with the sequence diagrams

Sean
- Added comments to the JoggleCube code
- General code cleanup
- Found bugs in the code, BagSize picking letters as there may be a problem with getting certain letters. He said he would check this later

Rob
- Working on the interface descritption 
- Cannot finish his section until we know all the methods 

Przemek
- Completed the component diagram until there are changes to the program
- Gone through the code and implemented methods to classes
- Helped with the sequence diagrams

